The soldiers blockade Baihe Mountain and kill with me
Where did the drums come from?
Flag tilting
Blowing clouds
This is Tianlu Valley
What is Skyway?
Tianlu Valley is the quality assurance of Tiandao Legion
Do not make good use of non-charging to insert the enemy
Lifetime anger drum
Shili Baibonefu
Are you crazy?
How could the drum of wrath be here?
Thunder rings two liters of Tianfuru drum
A hundred gods and three volts
It's like the wrath of heaven
What if it's the drum of wrath?
I only thought of two liters.
What are you panicking about?
Three Holy Wrath Bone
Qianshan Birds and Beasts
Oh my god, five years ago, Tiandu expedition to the sunset
Tianfuru Valley only thought of Sansheng
Grim Reaper Tiandou Bone
The man of arrows is destroyed
Ten years ago, the League of Nations violated our borders.
Heaven Dou ushered in the first battle of creation
It only rang four times.
Sir, if I didn't board
Even the war of the century will thunder
Is this going to be three wars?
What a mess
Don't be alarmist here
Uh uh
The Wrath of Heaven Nine Kingdoms
It's just him
Don't make a fuss here
Didn't nothing happen? Push me